Document SpeechSynthesis*Event() (#25617)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/speechsynthesiserrorevent/speechsynthesiserrorevent/index.md

---
title: SpeechSynthesisErrorEvent()
slug: Web/API/SpeechSynthesisErrorEvent/SpeechSynthesisErrorEvent
page-type: web-api-constructor
browser-compat: api.SpeechSynthesisErrorEvent.SpeechSynthesisErrorEvent
---

{{APIRef("Web Speech API")}}

The **`SpeechSynthesisErrorEvent()`** constructor creates a new {{domxref("SpeechSynthesisErrorEvent")}} object.

> **Note:** A web developer doesn't typically need to call this constructor, as the browser creates these objects itself when firing events.

## Syntax

```js-nolint
new SpeechSynthesisErrorEvent(type, options)
```

### Parameters

- `type`
  - : A string with the name of the event.
    It is case-sensitive and browsers set it to `error`.
- `options`

>   - : An object that, _in addition of the properties defined in {{domxref("SpeechSynthesisEvent/SpeechSynthesisEvent", "SpeechSynthesisEvent()")}}_, has the following properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : An object that, _in addition to the properties defined in {{domxref("SpeechSynthesisEvent/SpeechSynthesisEvent", "SpeechSynthesisEvent()")}}_, has the following properties:
```

    - `error`

>       - : A string containing the reason of the error. Possible values are:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - : A string containing the reason for the error. Possible values are:
```

Author: ```suggestion
      - : A string containing the error reason. Possible values are:
```

        - `canceled`

>           - : A {{domxref("SpeechSynthesis.cancel")}} method call caused the {{domxref("SpeechSynthesisUtterance")}} to be removed from the queue before it had begun being spoken.

Reviewer 2: There is nothing "wrong" with this, but perhaps:
```suggestion
          - : A {{domxref("SpeechSynthesis.cancel")}} method call caused the {{domxref("SpeechSynthesisUtterance")}} to be removed from the queue before it started playing.
```

>         - `canceled`
>           - : A {{domxref("SpeechSynthesis.cancel")}} method call caused the {{domxref("SpeechSynthesisUtterance")}} to be removed from the queue before it had begun being spoken.
>         - `interrupted`
>           - : A {{domxref("SpeechSynthesis.cancel")}} method call caused the {{domxref("SpeechSynthesisUtterance")}} to be interrupted after it had begun being spoken and before it completed.

Reviewer 2: These aren't wrong, but feel a bit "clunky". Maybe:

```suggestion
        - `canceled`
          - : A {{domxref("SpeechSynthesis.cancel")}} method call caused the {{domxref("SpeechSynthesisUtterance")}} to be removed from the queue before speech started.
        - `interrupted`
          - : A {{domxref("SpeechSynthesis.cancel")}} method call caused the {{domxref("SpeechSynthesisUtterance")}}  to be interrupted after speech had started but before it completed.
```

        - `audio-busy`

>           - : The operation couldn't be completed at this time because the user-agent couldn't access the audio output device (for example, the user may need to correct this by closing another application.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          - : The operation couldn't be completed at this time because the user-agent couldn't access the audio output device (for example, the user may need to correct this by closing another application).
```

        - `audio-hardware`
          - : The operation couldn't be completed at this time because the user-agent couldn't identify an audio output device (for example, the user may need to connect a speaker or configure system settings.)
        - `network`
          - : The operation couldn't be completed at this time because some required network communication failed.
        - `synthesis-unavailable`

>           - : The operation couldn't be completed at this time because no synthesis engine was available (For example, the user may need to install or configure a synthesis engine.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          - : The operation couldn't be completed at this time because no synthesis engine was available (for example, the user may need to install or configure a synthesis engine).
```
